#### 

#### **UK Pirate Party General Meeting Agenda** **Date: 29th September 2024** **Time: 20:00** **Location: Discord**  **1\. Chair’s Opening Remarks**

* Attendance and introductions.  
  * The Chair will provide a brief statement and overview of today’s agenda.  
  * Aileron will give a welcome address and provide any updates.

#### **2\. Minutes of the Previous Meeting**

| *NO*  Meeting |
| :---- |

#### **3\. Current Progress of Party Launch \[radiator370** and **Lucy**\]

* Updates on party registration status, recruitment, and public outreach efforts.\[**radiator370**\]  
* What going on with the bank account \[**Lucy**\]

#### **4\. Next Goals for Party Development \[radiator370**\]

* Discuss posters, flyers, online video promotions, and other media strategies.  
* Determine budget and resources for promotional materials.

#### **5\. Collaboration via "Plane" Platform \[radiator370**\]

* Discuss the newly setup "Plane" platform for internal collaboration.  
* Workflow for joining and working in different workgroups.  
* Process for members leaving workgroups.

#### **6\. Unifying Party Policies \[radiator370**\]

* Discuss and unify views on core policies including:  
  * Economy, tax policies, and nationalisation vs private entities.  
  * Welfare and NHS.  
  * Global conflicts such as Russia-Ukraine, Middle East, Far East.  
  * Copyright reform and digital rights.  
* Review old policies from PPUK GitHub repository for relevance.

#### **7\. Copyright Law Review \[radiator370**\]

* Discuss engaging legal professionals to study current UK and international copyright law.  
* Potential changes to support open-source principles and shorter copyright periods.

#### **8\. Global Pirate Party and CIP Involvement) \[radiator370**\]

* Updates on collaboration with global pirate parties through CIP.  
* CIP’s role in international pirate policy creation and grassroots efforts.  
* Technical support initiatives from Global Pirates.

#### **9\. Email Server Setup \[radiator370**\]

* Discussion on setting up an email server or using party domain emails for official communication.  
* Concerns around email legitimacy and potential issues with organisations like Big Brother Watch.

#### **10\. Closing Remarks**

Meeting finished at 21:29

Mininuins 

Idea for collaboration with organisations:

Create spreadsheet where we all list organisations  
Have a representative to contact these organisations and handle communications with them  
Come up with template text

Promote discord server:

Post on mastodon/x/whatever else (suggestions welcome\!)  
Create a hashtag to get engagement?  
Check with moderators so everyone is on the same page about new members

Future ideas:  
Get enough members to have efforts to create a campaign both online and IRL  
 (edited)

Gav — Today at 20:45  
Create working groups and assign tasks

Continue working on Plane  
any other providers we can temporarily use/backup? (e.g. Jira, github kanban, forgejo, open source)  
come up with an onboarding and offboarding process for members/workers and implement (both into our software and for all party access/activities etc.)  
 (edited)  
NEW  
\[20:49\]  
Tasks for working groups:

Policy reviews:

Create tasks to review policies and assign to working groups as follows:  
\- Factual review \- has the policy already been implemented?  
\- Attention review \- is the policy outdated/needs updating?  
\- Opinion-based policy review \- Bring up for discussion (should they match international policy? should we debate internally and vote on the policy?)

Periodic policy review meeting (with all members/working groups to show proposed changes and have voting system to implement or not)

Come up with scurvy standard to verify policies and collaborating organisations are evidence-based to best of our knowledge

Establish professional external communications

central email with multiple user access to use for party purposes (signing up to services)  
custom email addresses for members (need onboarding & offboarding process to manage these)  
be able to prove identity to show that communication is official (list members on site somewhere)

FOR FUTURE CONSIDERATION: Anonymous one-way service for messages/tip-offs (any suggestions)

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Mqp85bj5jNK7cJZIjuHVh6uyootKjr3fEvSzV4ySvJQ/edit?usp=sharing