### **UK Pirate Party General Meeting Agenda**

**Date:** 15/9/2024  
**Time:** 8:00 PM (BST)  
**Location:** https://discord.com/channels/754674548988706928/754674548988706932

---

1. **Welcome and Introductions**  
   * Chair’s opening remarks  
   * Co-Chair’s welcome Aileron  
2. **Last meeting minutes**

| No issues raised with Lucy’s new constitution No issues raised with kn0wn\_3rr0r’s foreign policy Members discussed compromise between freedom and protection of minorities, general consensus was that education on responsible Internet usage should be scaled up and new methods of education explored Regions channels are to be archived on GitHub and then deleted Channel naming schemes are to be refined and community feedback on channel names are always welcomed For house style, the colour scheme is to be modified to include the former PPUK’s signature purple, although alongside the current scheme as an accent. Talked about the hierarchy of the PPUK. (Need to add something more here please) Someone talked about Holacracy but there are currently too few people to do it now. Holacracy: To containerize the roles to distribute different targets from a more generalised milestone so that people can collaborate with each other easily  |
| :---- |

1. **Update on Bank Account Setup**  
   * Status update on the progress of setting up the party's bank account  
   * Discussion on any issues or next steps  
2. **Constitution Update**  
   * Presentation of proposed updates or amendments to the constitution  
   * Discussion and feedback from members  
3. **Pirate pirate social**  
   * Decision on venue:  
     1. Riverside in Vauxhall  
     2. Metropolitan at Baker Street (Wetherspoons)  
   * Decision on date:  
     1. Saturday or Sunday  
     2. Must not coincide with the same weekend as a General Meeting  
4. **Any Other Business (AOB) \[if time permits\]**  
   * Open floor for members to raise any other issues, questions, or announcements  
5. **Closing Remarks and Next Steps**  
   * Adjournment

**Meeting 21:12  end**

**MINUTES** 

* Update on Bank Account Setup  
  * No movement  
* Constitution Update  
  * No objections   
* **previous mints update**  
* Holacracy  
  * Setup chernals / roles in discord  
  * We should document all of these so that if there will be migration to another platform, we can be clear about what everyone would be doing \<- will make doc Radiator370  
  * [UKPP Roles & Responsibilities](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/134UiVV84fSMBVRSw4raoqOKlkKHbUo1-myUc4qW3alA/edit?usp=sharing)  
* Big brother watches Nigel Farage (Radidater370). 

**Lucy notes**

* Roll-call next for all general meetings.